### Tenant Introduction Process at Alexa - North Garden City

##### Dear Owners and Brokers, 
To ensure safety and security in our residents, we have implemented a tenant introduction and meeting process. 

###### The 1st owner is required to send an email the ID provided below, and request for an introduction date.In the email they must share the below details and document. PMC Team will reply on email if we have any doubts. Accordingly, if everything is in order, PMC Team will schedule the appointment for introduction on upcoming Sunday between 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM. *We have recently faced lot of challenges with tenants, therefore we request sincere support from all of you.* *Pls bring hard copy of all the documents and forms when you visit the introduction* Email ID: alexachsl.ngc@gmail.com  Verification details: •⁠ ⁠Day: Sunday•⁠ ⁠Time: 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM only.•⁠ ⁠Required documents: -    - all the forms given by society must be duly filled, and documents requested in those forms must be provided during the meeting.   Manager's Name :Contact Information: *For month of October and November 2024* Introduction Team:1. Mr. Nikhil Patel. +919833828492.2. ⁠Mr. Hitesh Katariya. +919929335632 *For month December 2024 and January 2025* 1. Mr. Aditya Agrawal. +9197656842242. ⁠Mrs. Pooja Sahadevan. +9195944841923. ⁠Mr.Tushar Trivedi +91 77383 42177 Important: •⁠ ⁠Verification process takes 10 days, kindly be patient for the process to be completed. Please do not pressurize PMC Team for clearance.•⁠ ⁠Owners/Tenants/Brokers must coordinate with the introduction team. We appreciate your anticipated support, understanding and cooperation. *Note:Pls note once all things complete society will send confirmation email to concern , don't process agreement before society confirmation email *      *Please note shifted charges IN and OUT are INR 4720* Bank Account no: Bank Name: Indian BankAccount No: 7718371482IFSC Code: IDBI000J628

